feat: Improved Fee Rate Computation (#2972)
blockstack/stacks-blockchain: README.md

rank transactions in the mempool or client to determine appropriate fee rates
for transactions before broadcasting them.

> The default estimator is now `fuzzed_weighted_median_fee_rate`. This uses a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fuzzed_weighted_median_fee_rate` uses a
```

> median estimate from a window the past `fee_rate_window_size` fees paid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
median estimate from a window of the fees paid in the last `fee_rate_window_size` blocks.
```
